{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldItalicMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-BoldMT;\f4\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPS-ItalicMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red67\green67\blue67;\red17\green85\blue204;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c26275\c26275\c26275;\csgenericrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\vieww12540\viewh16140\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Summary\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 This is a brief description of my work on this tiny project. It is somehow a step-by-step guide of my procedures and some comments about the concepts and tools I applied here.\
It is intended to support my agreement with this statement about coding:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\i\b \cf2 \
\'93the maintainability of your code is the most important part to think about, and you can only do that while you write it\'94\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f1\i0\b0 \cf2 \
This is a proverb I always try to bear in mind while I'm writing code as my goal is to develop future-friendly, re-usable web solutions.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb400\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Implementation process\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs28 \cf2 \uc0\u9679 	I craftily created this HTML by hand, using 
\f3\b Sublime Text
\f1\b0  and 
\f3\b Google Chrome
\f1\b0 . I started up with an empty HTML5 template created via {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.initializr.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Initializr}} (based on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://html5boilerplate.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 html5bolierplate}})\
\uc0\u9679 	
\f3\b Content first
\f1\b0 : First of all, I designed the HTML mark-up following the W3C documentation. I checked that the styleless HTML (no CSS added, only the default browser styles) is already matching the final design structure
\f3\b \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \uc0\u9679 	
\f3\b Mobile first
\f1\b0 : I started styling the \'93default\'94 version of the page, for smaller resolutions (<480px-width screens). Then, I added media queries matching bigger resolutions
\f3\b \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \uc0\u9679 	Code practices:\
\pard\tx1080\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf2 \uc0\u9675 	structuring the HTML/CSS on 
\f3\b re-usable blocks
\f1\b0 , so this section can be used on other page/templates. This section should work well no matter its context (using the \'93x_section\'94 wrapper)\
\uc0\u9675 	defining 
\f3\b mnemotechnic CSS class names
\f1\b0 \
\uc0\u9675 	use of 
\f3\b HTML5 semantics
\f1\b0 \
\uc0\u9675 	
\f3\b Responsive Design
\f1\b0 , flexible layout: all sizes are proportional so the layout is adaptive to the screen size.\uc0\u8232 On bigger screens, the layout is fixed, being closer to pixel-perfection.
\f3\b \
\ls1\ilvl1
\f1\b0 \uc0\u9675 	
\f3\b Font size:
\f1\b0  uses the flexible ems instead of fixed px ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://css-tricks.com/why-ems/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 why ems?}})
\f3\b \
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \cf2 \uc0\u9679 	
\f3\b Typography
\f1\b0 : it uses an OS-based font-stack. For the 
\f4\i \'93John Doe\'94
\f1\i0 signature I downloaded the TTF font from the Internet and created the Web Font pack from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.fontsquirrel.com/tools/webfont-generator"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 Font Squirrell}}
\f3\b \
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0 \uc0\u9679 	
\f3\b Multi-device compatibility
\f1\b0 : I tested this page on different mobile devices (iPhone, Android and Windows phones) and also using the Webkit emulator.\uc0\u8232 Cross-browser testing made against Chrome, Firefox (Ubuntu, OS X and Windows), Safari and Internet Explorer. Looks well on every browser and is compatible with IE9+ ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.browserstack.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 browserstack.com}}). Non-compatible IE will show a warning message.
\f3\b \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sb400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b0\fs32 \cf0 Time report\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\fs28 \cf2 Here's a sketchy report with the time I consumed (total ~5h)\
\pard\tx360\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \uc0\u9679 	1h Designing the mark-up\
\uc0\u9679 	1h Styling the mobile version and testing it\
\uc0\u9679 	.5h Creating the "Fineliner" webfont. Fixing details on mobile\
\uc0\u9679 	1.5h Designing and testing the flex layout for intermediate resolutions\
\uc0\u9679 	.5h Designing the Desktop version. Cross-browser testing\
\uc0\u9679 	1h Documentation\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \
\
Thanks for reading :)\
}